Hilton Head Island:
	Attack of the umbrellas vine (from Ocean City, Maryland)
12 miles of beaches, 24 golf courses, 350 tennis courts, horseback through a forest preserve, bike on the beach, over 250 restaurants, guided tours, art galleries, spas, 
https://www.hiltonheadisland.org/

Hilton Head Island:
	Who doesn’t love a vacation out to an island? Surrounded by the ocean air and a calming atmosphere, Hilton Head Island provides a resort style vacation ready to treat your every need. With 12 miles of beach there’s plenty to explore without having to deal with the crowds. Let’s see what this island has to offer:
	Like Sports? Hilton Head Island has you covered! Offering 24 world-class golf courses, over 350 tennis courts, horseback riding through a preserved forest, and biking trails near the beach, there’s plenty to do to keep you active! 
	Feelin’ Hungry? Hilton Head Island has over 250 restaurants! That means you have plenty of options to choose from, and never have to worry about being stuck eating one kind of meal your whole stay.

Myrtle Beach
What better way to spend your time than to go out to the beach? Myrtle Beach has a lot to offer between its vast size (Over 60 miles of beach!) and its many attractions! In fact, there’s something for everyone! Check out some of the activities below:
	Beach Fun! There’s plenty to do at the beach! If you’re feeling more active then get into some frisbee, volleyball, surfing, or swimming. Or if you’re feeling on the lazier side then lounging around on the beach is perfectly acceptable too.

	Looking for a place to stay? Look no further than Myrtle Beach! Myrtle Beach offers many options whether you’re looking for a classier get away in a nice hotel or if you’re looking for more affordable options there’s plenty of places to check out with a view of the ocean or even a short walk to the ocean. Some of these options include:
- Hotels
- Condos
- Beach Homes
- Rustic Cabins
- Campgrounds
- And more!
Entertainment
	Myrtle Beach is a very popular place, and taking a look at the entertainment offered there sure does explain it. Checkout these fun activities to stop by and check out near the beach:
			WonderWorks (upside-down house)
			Ripley’s Aquarium
			Pirate’s Voyage
			Medieval Times
			Carolina Opry 
			Alabama Theatre
			Legends in Concert
			GTS Theatre
			Over 600 fine art events in a year
			Murrells Inlet Marsh Walk (Seafood capital of SC)
			Other food variety
			Myrtle Beach SkyWheel
			Boardwalk
			Bars
			Broadway at the Beach
			Barefoot landing
			Coastal Grand Mall
			The Market Common
			Myrtle Beach Sports Center
			Brookgreen Gardens
			Conway Riverwalk
			Murrells Inlet MarshWalk
Source: https://www.visitmyrtlebeach.com/articles/post/top-10-reasons-to-visit-myrtle-beach/

About me:
Jonathan Perea is a student at CSU. He spent three years studying Genetics before switching majors to begin studying Applied Computing Technologies. His concentration is also in Computing Technologies. Jonathan knows HTML, CSS, PHP, Python, Perl, Javascript, Java, C++, bash scripting, C, LC3 Assembly, and has some knowledge and practice in System Administration, Networking, IoT, VMware, and Circuit Design. He also has knowledge and taken classes in Business Databases, Finance, Accounting, and Economics. For hobbies, Jonathan does some photography (nature, portrait, and wildlife), draws, works out, trains in MMA, socializes with friends, and plays video games. 
